docs/guide/staging/environment.md, before:

# Environment

<DocsDemo>
  <EnvironmentDemo />
</DocsDemo>

Is a component abstraction that automatically sets up a global cubemap, which affects the default `scene.environment`, and optionally `scene.background`,

It uses the composable [useEnvironment](/guide/staging/use-environment) under the hood to load the cubemap.

## Usage

```vue
<Suspense>
  <Environment
    :files="[
      '/px.jpg',
      '/nx.jpg',
      '/py.jpg',
      '/ny.jpg',
      '/pz.jpg',
      '/nz.jpg'
  ]"
  />
</Suspense>
```

You can also pass the `.hdr` file directly:

```vue
<Suspense>
   <Environment files="/sunset.hdr" />
</Suspense>
```

![Environment](/cientos/envmaps.png)

## Texture reference

You can access the model reference by pasing a `ref` to the `<Environment />` prop and then using the method `getTexture()` to get the object.

```vue{4,6,9,14,17}
<script setup lang="ts">
import { Environment } from '@tresjs/cientos'

const environmentRef = shallowRef()

watch(environmentRef, texture => {
  console.log(texture)
})
</script>

<template>
  <Environment ref="environmentRef" />
  <TresMesh>
    <TresSphereGeometry />
    <TresMeshStandardMaterial :env-map="envMap" />
  </TresMesh>
</template>
```

## Presets

You can use one of the available presets by passing the `preset` prop:

```html
<Environment preset="city" />
```

<DocsDemo>
  <EnvironmentPresetsDemo/>
</DocsDemo>

## Lightformer

You can incorporate `Lightformer` into the environment just like a slot.

```html
<script setup>
  import { Enviroment, LightFormer } from '@tres/cientos'
</script>

<template>
  <Environment>
    <Lightformer :intensity="0.75" :position="[0, 5, -9]" />
    <Lightformer from="ring" :rotation-y="-Math.PI / 2" :scale="[10, 10, 1]" />
  </Environment>
</template>
```

### Props for Lightformer

Lightformer inherits from mesh, and its extension parameters include:
| Prop | Description | Default |
| :----------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `from` | 'circle' , 'ring' , 'rect' , any:other Mesh.The type of Lightformer | `rect` |
| `intensity` | number : the intensity of the light. | 1 |
| `color` | the color of the light. | `0xffffff` |
| `args` | the arguments of the Geometry | When using other geometries, set the corresponding arguments. |

## Props

| Prop         | Description                                                                 | Default                                                                          |
| :----------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `files`      | Array of 6 urls to images, one for each side of the CubeTexture. or and HDR | `undefined`                                                                      |
| `path`       | Path to the environment map files.                                          | `undefined`                                                                      |
| `encoding`   | Encoding of the environment map.                                            | `SRGBColorSpace` for an array of files and `LinearEncoding` for a single texture |
| `background` | If `true`, the environment map will be used as the scene background.        | `false`                                                                          |
| `blur`       | Blur factor between 0 and 1. (only works with three 0.146 and up)           | 0                                                                                |
| `preset`     | Preset environment map.                                                     | `undefined`                                                                      |
| `resolution` | The resolution of the WebGLCubeRenderTarget.                                | 256                                                                              |
| `near`       | The near of the CubeCamera.                                                 | 1                                                                                |
| `far`        | The far of the CubeCamera.                                                  | 1000                                                                             |
| `frames`     | The frames of the cubeCamera.update.                                        | Infinity                                                                         |

Commit message:

feat(environment): enhance environment and background props
- Added new properties for background and environment intensity, as well as their rotations, to improve scene customization.
- Updated `useEnvironment` and related components to support the new properties, ensuring better control over lighting and background effects.
- Refactored `EnvironmentDemo` to utilize the new properties, enhancing the demo's interactivity and visual fidelity.
- Improved type definitions in `EnvironmentOptions` to include the new parameters for better TypeScript support.

docs/guide/staging/environment.md, after:

# Environment

<DocsDemo>
  <EnvironmentDemo />
</DocsDemo>

Is a component abstraction that automatically sets up a global cubemap, which affects the default `scene.environment`, and optionally `scene.background`,

It uses the composable [useEnvironment](/guide/staging/use-environment) under the hood to load the cubemap.

## Usage

```vue
<Suspense>
  <Environment
    :files="[
      '/px.jpg',
      '/nx.jpg',
      '/py.jpg',
      '/ny.jpg',
      '/pz.jpg',
      '/nz.jpg'
  ]"
  />
</Suspense>
```

You can also pass the `.hdr` file directly:

```vue
<Suspense>
   <Environment files="/sunset.hdr" />
</Suspense>
```

![Environment](/cientos/envmaps.png)

## Texture reference

You can access the model reference by pasing a `ref` to the `<Environment />` prop and then using the method `getTexture()` to get the object.

```vue{4,6,9,14,17}
<script setup lang="ts">
import { Environment } from '@tresjs/cientos'

const environmentRef = shallowRef()

watch(environmentRef, texture => {
  console.log(texture)
})
</script>

<template>
  <Environment ref="environmentRef" />
  <TresMesh>
    <TresSphereGeometry />
    <TresMeshStandardMaterial :env-map="envMap" />
  </TresMesh>
</template>
```

## Presets

You can use one of the available presets by passing the `preset` prop:

```html
<Environment preset="city" />
```

<DocsDemo>
  <EnvironmentPresetsDemo/>
</DocsDemo>

## Lightformer

You can incorporate `Lightformer` into the environment just like a slot.

```html
<script setup>
  import { Enviroment, LightFormer } from '@tres/cientos'
</script>

<template>
  <Environment>
    <Lightformer :intensity="0.75" :position="[0, 5, -9]" />
    <Lightformer from="ring" :rotation-y="-Math.PI / 2" :scale="[10, 10, 1]" />
  </Environment>
</template>
```

## Props

| Prop         | Description                                                                 | Default                                                                          |
| :----------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `files`      | Array of 6 urls to images, one for each side of the CubeTexture. or and HDR | `undefined`                                                                      |
| `path`       | Path to the environment map files.                                          | `undefined`                                                                      |
| `encoding`   | Encoding of the environment map.                                            | `SRGBColorSpace` for an array of files and `LinearEncoding` for a single texture |
| `background` | If `true`, the environment map will be used as the scene background.        | `false`                                                                          |
| `blur`       | Blur factor between 0 and 1. (only works with three 0.146 and up)           | 0                                                                                |
| `preset`     | Preset environment map.                                                     | `undefined`                                                                      |
| `resolution` | The resolution of the WebGLCubeRenderTarget.                                | 256                                                                              |
| `near`       | The near of the CubeCamera.                                                 | 1                                                                                |
| `far`        | The far of the CubeCamera.                                                  | 1000                                                                             |
| `frames`     | The frames of the cubeCamera.update.                                        | Infinity                                                                         |
| `backgroundIntensity`  | Intensity of the background. | 1 |
| `environmentIntensity`  | Intensity of the environment. | 1 |
| `backgroundRotation` | Rotation of the background. | [0, 0, 0] |
| `environmentRotation` | Rotation of the environment. | [0, 0, 0] |

### Props for Lightformer

Lightformer inherits from mesh, and its extension parameters include:
| Prop | Description | Default |
| :----------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `from` | 'circle' , 'ring' , 'rect' , any:other Mesh.The type of Lightformer | `rect` |
| `intensity` | number : the intensity of the light. | 1 |
| `color` | the color of the light. | `0xffffff` |
| `args` | the arguments of the Geometry | When using other geometries, set the corresponding arguments. |
